{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green123\blue211;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20392\c56471\c86275;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Notes for CCD 1-8-20:
\b0 \
\
Survey:\
\
We may need an intro page with the following information, due to IRB.\
- Thank you for your interest in volunteering as a curator for ClinGen.\
\
Please tell us more about your interests, expertise, and desired level of involvement so we can pair you with an appropriate curation activity and/or Expert Panel. \
\
Background training within your assigned curation activity will be provided.  These training sessions are held quarterly.  Once you submit this form, you will be added to the list to be notified of the next training session(s).\
\
**Disclaimer:** This survey will ask to collect demographic information to help us better assess your training and placement into an curation group. Some of the collected demographic data (such as total number of volunteers, trained volunteer numbers, and countries represented) may be presented or published, however NO direct, individual information will ever be published without prior consent. If you have any concern, please contact volunteer@clinicalgenome.org. Also, you can elect to cancel the survey entry at any time. Thank you!\
	\
Page 1-\
	A. Separate name to first and last, both required.\
	B. Remove requirement for street address\
\
Page 2- good\
\
Page 3- \
	A. Add \'93(multiple choice) at the end of each question on this 	page.\
\
Page 4- Level of Commitment\
	A. For Participate on conference calls with experts, consider 	changing to \'93Join and participate on curation group conference 	calls.\'94\
	B. For Time commitment, under Comprehensive. Update to ~ 	8-10 hours/ month, for a minimum of 6 months.\
	C. Can we make the radio buttons for I prefer Comprehensive 	and Baseline a color? I do notice they change colors when you 	hover/click on them, maybe a brighter color would make it 	more obvious of the selection.\
\
Page 4- Comprehensive/ Volunteer Prioritization and Group interest\
	A. Can we bold this statement and add a new ending: \'93
\b Note, 	you are not obligated to participate in more than one, as 	each curation activity will have its own training session(s)
\b0 , 	
\i\b \ul and each will require the 8-10 hours/month.
\i0\b0 \ulnone \
	B. Remove this sentence: 
\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A description of Somatic Cancer can be found 	here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.clinicalgenome.org/working-groups/somatic/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 https://www.clinicalgenome.org/working-groups/somatic/}}\cf4 \strokec4 \
	
\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 C. For \'93Expert Panel\'94 can we add (optional), so they 	understand they do not have to pick a choice from the 	dropdown?\
	D.Remove the sentence \'93Do you have any previous 	experience with the type of curation effort?\'94 As it is redundant\
	or we should update meaning to clarify between curation effort 	and curation activity.\
	- Possibly consider, \'93 do you have any previous experience 	curating for this Expert Panel topic?\'94 This may better 	distinguish the two questions. One wants to know experience 	with the curation topic/ phenotype (epilepsy, myopathy, etc), 	versus the curation activity (Gene, Variant, etc).\
	\
\
I received the email confirmation of taking the survey! IT looks nice\
\
}